## Tech Stack

This application is built using Next.js for the frontend and backend, which is using React and Typescript.

The host for the application itself is Vercel, it allows simplified hosting of Next.js applications.

The database is using MongoDB which is a no-sql solution and hosted on their Atlas platform.

## About Solution

The solution itself is a one page web application.

It is using Chakra as a UI component library, all of the files under /components are auto-generated by Chakra itself not made by me.

It features a main page consisting of a simple header which prompts what the page is for, as well as an input field for the user to input a card number.

When the 'Check Balance' button is selected it will attempt to get the balance from the database and either present the balance or an error message to the user.

Several edge cases are address and accounted for in the solution including:

1. An un-sanitized card number making its way to the backend (error presented)
2. Users inputting spaces and dashes in the card number field (silently handled)
3. Users entering incorrect or bad card numbers (error presented)

The backend api for this application consists of one route.tsx file under /api/card

I've included a few logs in the backend portion to help facilitate debugging if needed in the future.

The backend service is returning only what is needed to the UI.

I have heavily commented the code itself so that anything potentially unclear is well defined.

## Link to hosted solution

Here is the link to the solution hosted on Vercel -> [Link](https://backend-assessment-cmking1997s-projects.vercel.app)
